## 1. Introduction:

HTTP specification supports Status codes that can be used by the server or the **provider application** and the **client application** to
exchange success and error statues. Successful HTTP error codes range:
   * Success: 200 to 399.
   * Failure: 400 to 599.
In the RESTfull web services world , there are two types on errors:
   * Standard Errors: are common across RESTful applications, no matter which language or which type of RESTful web applications you build.
        * **example (1)**: a client uses a **Wrong URI** : uses a URL from his code for which a resource doesn't even exist on the provider side.
        * **example (2)**: a client sending the wrong datatype or using the wrong Content type in the request. The provider might be only supporting
        XML whereas the client is asking for HTML or JSON.
   * Application Errors: very specific to particular application. For example our patientService might have errors which are very specific to 
   hospital management. Another application could have its own application errors.
  

***

## 2. Using JAXRS Exceptions:
We will understand how to return a Standard HTTP error codes back to the client. JAXRS provies us with two different ways of doing this:
   * The first way:  we can use the class called `WebApplicationException(Response.Status.NOT_FOUND)`. We can create an instance of this class and through it we will provide 
   a status code such as `WebApplicationException(Response.Status.NOT_FOUND)` which will return `404` and so on. We throw this exception, anywhere in our 
   application automatically. Apache CXF or nay other JAXRS providers like Jersey will convert this into the appropriate HTTP message for us and 
   send it to the client.
   * The second way: JAXRS provides various specific exceptions instead of throwing a `WebApplicationException` and then passing the status.
   we can simply throw the following exceptions a bad request exception if the details sent by the:
     * BadRequestException 400
     * NotAuthorizedException 401
     * ForbiddenException
     * InternalServerException
     * ServiceUnavailableException
     
     | Exception | Code |
     | --- | --- |
     | BadRequestException | 400 |
     | NotAuthorizedException | 401 |
     | ForbiddenException  | 403 |
     | InternalServerException | 500 |
     | ServiceUnavailableException | 503 |

***

## 3. Throw custom exception:

***

## 4. Create the ExceptionMapper:

***

## 5. Using a custom error message:


***

## 8. Section Summary:


 

