## 1. Introduction:
In this section, we will master all the concepts of the RESTful services that are required before we **design** or **implement** them.
By the end of it, we will be able to know:
* What REST services are.
* How HTTP has reborn with REST.
* All the advantagesof RESTful web services.
* When to use RESTfUl in our applications.

***

## 2. REST Overview:
REST stands for : **REpresentational** **State** **Transfer**. 
If we watch a video from Youtube, we are acting like a REST web service consumer and this Youtube website acts like a RESTful provider.
(Streams the video back to your browser).
RESTful bases on the power of HTTP.

1. Rest is Stateful: the first RESTful principle is to provide a unique single interface to perform the previous four operations (known as **CRUD**).
  * HTTP Methods: HTTP provides a unique interface to perform **CRUD** operations through:
    * CREATE
    * GET
    * PUT
    * DELETE
  * URI: we can use **Uniform** **Resource** **Identifiers** to uniquely identify a particular resource that we want 
  to **READ**, **CREATE**, **UPDATE** or **DELETE**.
  
**Example (Usecase)**: Let's consider a Hospital Management Software which allows us to perform CRUD operations on patient data.
* To create a patient (**Perform a POST request**): 
we simply use the HTTP POST method from our web browser or RESTful consumer written in some language and send
in the request with **URI**.
    * We will send an XML which contains patient information.
    ```xml
        <patient>
            <name>John</name>
        </patient>
    ```
    * The RESTful provider will send an HTTP status (**200 OK**) when it creates the patient in the database.
    * It sends back the unique number for that particular patient which is the unique **id**.
* To get patient data (**Perform a GET request**): at a later point in time in our application 
    * using **HTTP GET** by passing the unique **id**.
    * The provider will then take the unique id.
    * Provider returns a HTTP response code (**200 OK**).
    * It sends back the entire patient information.
* To make an UPDATE operation (**Perform a PUT request**):
    * we will use the PUT method and pass in the entire patient information as **XML**. 
    * Provider returns a HTTP response code (**200 OK**).
    * The provider will then update the aimed patient data.
    ```xml
           <patient>
               <id>1</id>
               <name>John</name>
           </patient>
    ```
  
* To make DELETE operation (**Perform DELETE request**): to delete the patient information
    * Hit the URI with the unique identifier of the patient.
    * Provider returns a HTTP response code (**200 OK**).
    * The aimed patient information will be deleted.
    
Finally, we will have one single interface as programmers (HTTP Methods).

**Note**: we don't need to learn any methods that are specific to a particular application.

* RESTful supports multiple data formats because HTTP supports MIME (**Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions**) types.

We can consume and produce. A REST provider can consume and produce data in multiple formats. for example:

    ```xml 
        <patient>
            <name>John</name>
        </patient>
    ```
If a **Java** application is communicating with **.net** application, we might need the data in XML so that it can be easily converted into
**.net objects** or **Java objects**.

If we are developing a web application which uses `HTML` and `JavaScript`:
`JavaScript` can understand `JSON` (**JavaScript Object Notation**). So a RESTfull provider can provide the data JSON format as well. and also
text and many other formats. 
**Note**: If we need data like: images, video stream ... we can do all that by specifying `HTTP MIME` type.

2. Rest is stateless: it doesn't mean not having state at all, but exchanging the Representational state between applications.
The provider will send the state back to the consumer and vice versa.
    * We can maintain the state on the client side instead of maintaining the entire state on the server side.
    
3. To summarize:
   * REST uses the complete power of HTTP:
        * provides a single HTTP Interface.
        * provides an easy way to access.
        * has a Multiples Representations.
        * allows Scalability because Stateless (deployed on several servers as the user based grows). 

***

## 4. WHY RESTFul  - The  Advantages:

***

## 6. When to use RESTFul Web Services:

***

## 7. Section Summary: