## 1. Introduction:

Spring a popular Dependency Injection framework in the Java Enterprise world. You will rarely find a Java Application
which does not use Spring. along with **DI**, Spring provides easy way to implement 
 * JDBC
 * messaging 
 * ORM Support like JPA and Hibernate.
 * Spring MVC to implement the web layer or tier of our application.

**Note 1**:Starting the Spring 3.0 version or the Spring MVC 3.0, Spring Also supports the implementation of RESTful
web services in very easy fashion.

**Note 2**:
 * It does not implement the JAX-RS standard
 * it does not use the JAX-RS API or annotations.
 
It comes up with its own set of annotations like:
* `@Request Mapping` ---- Similar ----> `@Path` annotation in the JAX-RS API.
* `@PathVariable` ---- Similar ----> `@PathParam` annotation in the JAX-RS API.

***

## 2. Spring MVC Flow:

Spring MVC Application Flow:

A client sends an HTTP request which will be handled by the Front Controller.
Very similar to Apache CXF, we have a front controller:
* servlet which read the handler mapping 
* or 
* scan through all the controllers (controller classes that are available), which
are nothing but resource classes.
* these controllers will handle the incoming requests and send back the appropriate
response (could be JSON or XML).

If it is a pure Spring MVC application, this controller 
* return the next view like JSP page to the dispatcher servlet.
* the dispatcher servlet sends that response back.

In case of RESTful web services, we usually skip that step of using the MODEL VIEW,
or using a View Resolver and simply return a response directly back to the client.

***

## 3. Hello Spring REST:


***

## 4. Returning JSON Response:


***








