## 1. Introduction

You have mastered the design and development of Synchronous RESTful web services 
* Synchronous:
   * A client sends an HTTP request to the RESTful provider.
   * The RESTful provider at some point will send a 200 status code if it is successful response.
   * A 400 status code along with an error message if there is an exception.
   
**Note**: In the two previous cases, a client has no option but to wait until the response comes back.
If the processing is taking a long time, the client cannot do anything else but **has to wait**.
That's where the Asynchronous way of processing comes into a picture.
**Asynchronous**: once the client sends in the request, we can handle the request on the provider side
asynchronously as well as the client side, the client can do something else by processing the response
asynchronously.

**Example**: **Bank check processing system**. Where we have :
   * The ATM of a Bank.
   * The Bank Teller.
   * Account Holder Mobile: can send in a bunch of checks, and the Check processing RESTful application
   will process these checks dynamically using asynchronous processing. It will span multiple threads
   and as soon as it gets the request, It will send a 202 response back saying that it has accepted the
   request.
   * When the request comes in, the 202 goes back as  response and at a later point a 200 response will
   be returned to the  client, or a 400 response will go back to the client.
JAX RS supports both the API:


* Asynchronous ---> JAX-RS   
   * Provider/Server: 
       * Annotations are
            * `@javax.ws.rs.container.Suspended`: We mark the asynchronous response.
            * `@javax.ws.rs.container.AsyncResponse` We mark the asynchronous response which will be using
       on each and every method that we want to be used on.
   * Client API: 
      * Polling: Once the request is sent, the client can keep polling to see if the request has
      been processed.
      * CallBack: similar to how  **Ajax** calls are implemented in JavaScript. So, we implement
      one of the interfaces, we come up with our own class and implement methods.The methods in
      that callback class will be called by the web services engine once the response comes back from
      a provider in an Asynchronous fashion.
        * Annotations are:
                  * `javax.ws.rs.client.AsyncInvoker` used for polling and all that.
                  * `java.util.concurrent.Future` used to process the response asynchronously.
    




## 11. Section Summary:





