## 1. Introduction

Jersey is an Open source web services **Stack** from Oracle. It is the official reference implementation of 
the JAX-RS API. Very similar to Apache CXF, on the server side, Jersey provides a servlet implementation which
scans through the predefined classes which we define to identify the RESTful resources.
* In `web.xml` (which is the deployment descriptor file for the web application), we configure:
  * this RESTful.
  * servlet (or we configure this Jersey servlet).  

Jersey also provides implementation of the client library which is 100 percent compliant with the JAX RS Client API.

In addition to the standard support (Just like Apache CXF), It also provides several custom tools for security like
OAuth, WSDL generation, Bean validation etc.

The current version of Jersey is `2.35`
  
  *** 
  
  Description of `pom.xml`: The important section here is :
  * The dependency section:
  * The dependency management section: this is a good way to manage the versions our dependencies instead of 
  declaring the versions everywhere, we have a dependency management section wherein we specify and from that
  point, in every other place or project, we can simply refer to the dependency and the version information will
  always be taken from here.
  
  Description of `web.xml`: The deployment descriptor under WEB-INF:
  * The Jersey servlet, ServletContainer which is the Jersey servlet in the `or.glassfish` package it comes
  with the dependencies which we have defined in the `pom.xml`. This is mapped to a REST API URL. In CXF,
  we have mapped it to the `/services` URI, It depends on whatever you want in your application, you can map
  it to the particular URI.
  * The important parameter here is `jersey.config.server.provider.packages`: This the p ackage name where we are
  going to write all our services. Jersey will scan through the packages for the RESTful resources and start serving
  those resources when incoming requests come in for this URI.
  
  * the `index.jsp` is a simple **Java Server Page** page which has a link along with some text, when you click
  on that link you go to this URI which will map to our resource.






