## 1. Introduction
In this section, we will learn what SOAP Faults are and how to handle them :
* Web service application  deal with request
* Web service application  deal with response
* Web service application  deal with errors when something goes wrong.
This is an optional element, and we we use it only when exceptions or errors occur:
```xml
<soap:Envelope xmlns:soap="http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/soap/envelope/">
   <soap:Body>
      <soap:Fault>
         <faultcode>soap:Client</faultcode>
         <faultstring>Unmarshalling Error: For input string: "?"</faultstring>
      </soap:Fault>
   </soap:Body>
</soap:Envelope>
```
The `<soap:Fault>` is an optional element we use it only when:
* exceptions or errors occur. 
* exchange the previous information between the provider and the client. 
It can have four values:

   * `SOAP-ENV:VersionMismatch`happens if the SOAP envelope namespace is not what the server is expecting. For example, if the client sends a different namespace for the **SOAP** envelope element.
   * `SOAP-ENV:MustUnderstand` 
       * Automatically used when `MustUnderstand` **flag** is set to **1** on the **SOAP** header element.
       * If the child element of a **SOAP** header is not understood by the provider. For example, **WS Security** element is a child element of the SOAP header and if the server is not configured or the provider is not configured to handle WS Security, then you will see a this.
   * `SOAP-ENV:Client`used if the message was not well formed. When the request is:
       * not correct.
       * contains a wrong information.
   * `SOAP-ENV:Server` used when something goes wrong on the server side

The `<soap:Fault>` has **four** child elements: 

* `<faultCode>`: indicates what has gone wrong. There are only four set of predefined codes that we use.
* `<faultString>`: it is the message that explains the error.
* `<faultActor>`: rarely used because it's only useful when our web service message is going through multiple nodes and we want to know on which node the error has really happened.
* `<detail>`: provides more specific information about he exception or the error. we can add multiple entries if we have multiple errors that have occurred on the server.

***

## 2. Usecase and Project
In order to see `<soap:Fault>`, we are going to use our first web service which is the payment processor web application.
In the next lecture we are going to throw some exception in order to see `<soap:Fault>`.

***

## 3. Creating a SOAP Fault

***

## 4. Create and throw a custom exception