## 1. Introduction:
There are various Java libraries that can be used to create a Java web services REST client or consumer. This is because
REST uses HTTP methods. We can simply use  `java.net.URL` class which supports all HTTP methods.
We can open a connection and create an output stream and then deal with all the low level details of the API or simply use the 
Apache's HTTP Client which is far easier the URL class to use or simply use the JAX RS Client API. We as developers will learn one single
API which is standard from Oracle and implementors or web services stack creators like Apache CXF or Jersey will implement this API
making our job easier.So today we use Apache CXF, your application but if tomorrow your application needs to use another web services stack we
can simply switch it because we still have the API which is standard in our application.
***

## 2. JAX RS CLIENT API:

The recommended and easy way to create a RESTful client application is by using the JAX RS client API.
The key interfaces in the JAXRS client API is the: 
* `ClientBuilder`: it's the starting point , it allows us to create that instance of `Client`
* `Client`: allow us  to create our  communication channel from our RESTful client to the RESTful resources running on the server 
* `WebTarget`: using the client will create a `WebTarget`. It points to a unique RESTful resource that is available on the server. 
* `Invoker.Builder`: we can create an invocation builder and invoke the methods like `GET` `POST` `DELETE` `PUT` once we have the web target.
                                                                                                             
* `Entity`: it represents the entity interface which represents the data that we exchange, and the data type. Using the `Entity` we can send our
objects which will be Serialized into `XML`, `JSON` and while doing that we can specify the data type.

The implementation for these interfaces are provided by the web services providers or stacks like Apache CXF and Jersey the client builder interface
is the starting point.
 

***

## 3. Create the project:


***

## 4. Retrieve the Patient by ID:


***

## 5. Pass parameters dynamically:


***

## 6. Update the Patient:

***

## 7. Create Patient:

***

## 8. Clean Up Resources:

***


## 9. Delete Assignment:


***

## 10. Section Summary:







